# Create reply types in FACEBOOK
## 1. How to create an Entity for reply types in FACEBOOK.
picture 1
<br/>
-**Name**: You will insert the name for bot chat Entity
<br/>
Ex:[Text] Entity,[button] Entity,[Confirm] Entity…
<br/>
-**Description**: Describe your entity ,more detail, more easily to understand
<br/>
Ex:[Text]-This entity for “text”, [Button]-This entity for “Button”,
<br/>
-**Phase** : ‘0’ is the first phase and always create phase ‘0’ first,Mission of ‘0’ phase is display immediately when user add ad start chat with the bot. Maximum phase is ‘2147483647’ which mean insert any thing will return the response of this entity.
<br/>
-**Lock Phase**: This will search from entity which in phase from “specily number” to “specily number”.
<br/>
Ex:We have create an entity Phase ‘11’. and lock phase is “0” to “10” ,The entity with Phase ‘0’ is always create first,So that mean lock phase is now from “0” to “10”,But the phase we want to find is ‘11’ so this won’t find the Entity which Phase is ‘11’. 
<br/>
-**Phrase**: Depend on your situations the right a text to this entity for response of this entity.
<br/>
Ex:[Text] => Display the Text,[button] => Display the button. When you type ‘Display the Text’ it will automatically display the response of this entity.
<br/>
-**Regex**:
<br/>
Ex:The Phase have input ‘Display the Text’ or ‘Display the button’ then regex will be, ‘Text’ or ‘Button’ it also automatically display the response for this entity like Phrase.
<br/>
## 2. How to create Response for each reply types in FACEBOOK.
<span style="color:red">Note:  “_” Is special character to split into many elements.</span>
<br/>
-Three general buttons.
<br/>
There are some “button type” will need in the template type but it has only 3 types that can’t	work alone.
<br/>
Button URL, Button PostBack, Button Call are buttons which can work alone they don’t need any 	template. 
<br/>
(If you create button template you can create one of three type below).
<br/>
##### Button URL
picture 2
##### Button Call
picture 3
##### Button PostBack
picture 4
<br/>
picture 5
<br/>
There is more buttons type, please see another template to view more button type.
### A. How to create “Text” Response type.
#### A.1 Create Response for “Text” Type.
Picture 7
<br/>
-The syntax of this response is nothing, just insert the content you want to display, call it by Phrase or Regex of entity and the text will be display.
#### A.2.Example:
-Create Entity ‘Text’:
<br/>
picture 8
<br/>
-Create Response:
<br/>
picture 9
<br/>
-Result:
<br/>
Picture 10
### B. How to create “Button Template” response type.
#### B.1 Create Response for “Button Template” Type.
Picture 11
#### B.2.Example:
-Create entity ‘Button template’:
<br/>
picture 12
-Create response:
<br/>
picture 13
<br/>
-Result:
<br/>
picture 
<br/>
When you finish creating response for button template, the next step is creating image objects (review it above).
### C. How to create “Generic Template” response type.
#### C.1 Create Response for “Generic Template” Type.
picture 14
#### 2.3.2.Example:
-Create entity “Generic Template”:
<br/>
picture 15
-Create response:
<br/>
picture 16
<br/>
-Three button types (URL button, Postback Button, Call Button) can be used in Generic templates, there is more button types that can be used but they are not implemented yet in our API.
### D How to create “List Template” response type.
#### D.1 Create Response for “List Template” Type.
picture 17
#### D.2.Example:
-Create entity “List Template”:
<br/>
picture 18
-Create response for ‘List Template'.<br/>
picture 19
<br/>
-Create some Image object
<br/>
picture 20
-Result:
<br/>
picture 21
